GH-8586: Deprecate IntegrationComponentSpec.get() (#8594)
spring-projects/spring-integration: src/reference/asciidoc/dsl.adoc

The `org.springframework.integration.dsl` package contains the `IntegrationFlowBuilder` API mentioned earlier and a number of `IntegrationComponentSpec` implementations, which are also builders and provide the fluent API to configure concrete endpoints.
The `IntegrationFlowBuilder` infrastructure provides common https://www.enterpriseintegrationpatterns.com/[enterprise integration patterns] (EIP) for message-based applications, such as channels, endpoints, pollers, and channel interceptors.

> IMPORTANT:: The `IntegrationComponentSpec` is a `FactoryBean` implementation, therefore its `getObject()` method must not be called from the target configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
IMPORTANT:: The `IntegrationComponentSpec` is a `FactoryBean` implementation, therefore its `getObject()` method must not be called from bean definitions.
```

> The `IntegrationComponentSpec` implementation must be left as is for bean definition and the framework will take about its lifecycle.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `IntegrationComponentSpec` implementation must be left as is for bean definitions and the framework will manage its lifecycle.
```

> A bean method parameter injection for the target `IntegrationComponentSpec` type (a `FactoryBean` value) must be used for `IntegrationFlow` bean definitions instead of bean method references.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Bean method parameter injection for the target `IntegrationComponentSpec` type (a `FactoryBean` value) must be used for `IntegrationFlow` bean definitions instead of bean method references.
```
